HTML Project 

The Brief 

To create a webpage with at least 4 pages around a hobby, interest or business (does not have to be real), and style it using a single CSS file. 

If you don’t have an idea for this project, build the website to act as your portfolio. 

Requirements 

Create a homepage, about the author page, and at least 2 pages of content (Blog,  gallery, portfolio etc.) 

Ensure all pages can be navigated to, and navigated away from, using a location that is consistent across all pages 

Images must be present on at least two pages 

Use the <div> tag to divide content in a consistent manner 

Style all pages using a single CSS file, to ensure consistency throughout 

Ensure none of your styling is done in the HTML document 

Stretch goals 

Add a logo to all your pages, which redirects to your homepage 

Add a contact page, where users can submit their contact details with a form (It does not need to successfully submit yet) 

If you don’t already have a gallery page, add one, and style it using Grid Layout 

Have the elements on your navbar change styling when hovered 

Implement mobile first design principles 


Remember, this is done with the aim of building out a portfolio. It doesn’t need to be perfect. 


JavaScript Project Week
The Brief
To add functionality to the website you created in the first project, using JavaScript.
Requirements
Include an element in a consistent place across all pages that alters the styling in some way when clicked (eg. Dark mode)
Add event listeners to modify your page in certain conditions
If you have a submission form on your website, add a submit event listener to it
Stretch goals
Use timing events (setInterval(), setTimeout() etc.) to affect your page
Use an async function to alter the contents of one of your pages
Make use of an API which seems appropriate for your site. (This link has a list of popular APIs: Web APIs | MDN (mozilla.org))
Display data on a page using the fetch API
If you’re feeling confident, add this new functionality via a new feature branch on git, and merge it back into your main branch


Don’t add things for the sake of it. Think about what is appropriate for your website